Let's break up.
What?
Did I do something wrong?
No...
It's just...
I don't feel the same way anymore.
Is there another woman?
It's not a woman.
It's... another man...
Honey~
You're here?
I'm pregnant with your child.
What?
I can't just let you leave me.
Liar.
Who do you think you're kidding?
I'm sterile.
What?
Cut!
Yes, Geonwoo!
Geonwoo, ever since you were a child actor,
I knew you had a gift.
The #1 actor everyone wants to embrace!
Number one!
Look at this.
All these people are here just for you!
I know, right?
Hey, kid, our ratings are
through the roof! Through the roof!
Geonwoo, you're a
jackpot! A total gold mine!
Look at him, so full of himself.
Well, he's like a god to them...
The moment he shows up,
ratings for a dying show jump 10%.
Is that why he's acting so high and mighty?
He's stealing the spotlight from the lead.
What can you do...
That's just the life of a nameless actor.
Jackpot! Jackpot! Jackpot!
Let's get ready for the next scene.
Okay.
Alright, alright!
Ready—and action!
There's no way a celebrity would
agree to an interview with me...
You'll just have to charge in.
What am I, a bull? Dammit.
Given how aggressive you
usually are, it's a fair question.
Want me to headbutt you first?
I'd just dodge it with style.
Oh, how impressive.
What about that guy?
(Box office star Kim
Geonwoo, new film premiere...)
(Box office star Kim Geonwoo, new film
premiere...) Does that even make sense?
Even if I sold everything I owned,
I couldn't afford a second of his time.
What should I do?
Want some help?
Should I pull some strings?
Stay out of it.
I'm already stressed enough as it is.
I should've become a celebrity too.
Then I could watch you beg me for a favor.
This life is already a bust.
Better luck in the next one.
This isn't easy.
Hello?
What? My car?
I only parked there for a second
because there were no spots.
Fine, I got it.
What's wrong?
I think the car got towed.
Wait, what?
I'm so sorry.
I guess we'll have to call a cab.
You know I can't get
in a car with a stranger.
Right... I know.
Whatever, the dorm isn't that far anyway.
You're going to walk back?
Yeah.
What, am I supposed to just stand
here until you get the car back?
No, that won't work.
Hey.
Take them off.
Huh?
Do you want me to do it for you?
Whoa, whoa, whoa! No, no, no!
Hey, hey!
You haven't changed
a bit since we were kids.
Neither have you.
Really?
Yeah.
Even your height is the same.
You little...
Hmm?
You have an older brother?
You didn't know?
I feel like I've never even seen him.
I guess that makes sense...
He's been busy since he was a kid.
I barely saw him myself.
Is it awkward between you two?
Not really.
I just don't really like him.
Why not?
It's just...
What do you mean?
I guess it's jealousy.
Growing up,
I never once got a "Happy
Birthday" from them.
They only cared about
him. I was always invisible.
The day we first met,
you saved me when I was being
teased for my shabby clothes.
No wonder... you weren't
even from a poor family,
but you always looked like a mess.
Back then, you were like a hero to me.
You were literally glowing.
And now?
Well... now you're just
glowing with insanity.
I told you to stay out of my business.
Hey, you!
I'm leaving.
What a pain...
What do you think you're doing?
"Fan Service"
(Episode 1)
There was a nightmare incident
during your time as a child actor, right?
Ah, yes.
You're talking about when I was kidnapped.
You must have been terrified.
It's not a pleasant memory.
I was eight years old at the time.
I was playing the
younger version of Kangho.
There was a scene where I
was in a car with a secretary.
The route was just supposed to
be a loop around the neighborhood,
but the driver wasn't actually an actor.
He took off onto the main
road and kidnapped me.
It was only for a short time, but...
How did you feel in that moment?
Actually, I didn't even
realize I was being kidnapped.
I asked, "Mister, where are we going?"
But he didn't say a word.
If that person had been violent,
it could have caused permanent trauma.
It's a relief you were rescued so quickly.
Yes, the car was surrounded
almost immediately.
And the man...
He gave me up without much of a fight.
Since then, you've done
PSAs for children-related crimes,
and donated to children's hospitals.
You've done a lot of good work.
Does the trauma still linger?
Well...
I... do have one thing.
I can't ride in a car driven by a stranger.
I see.
Thank you for the interview, Geonwoo.
Thank you.
Good job, everyone.
Who arranged this bottom-tier interview?
Well...
I heard the CEO's relative
inherited the station.
He's so money-hungry, it's
no wonder he's going bald.
Watch what you say...